Known Issues 5.4.7/6.1.2 Alternative layout (#685)
joomla/Manual: updates/53-54/known-issues/5.4.7.md

---
title: 5.4.7
sidebar_position: 547
---

Joomla 5.4.7 Known Issues
=========================

Last Updated: 8 July 2026

[Joomla 5.4.7](https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/releases/tag/5.4.7) was released on 7 July 2026.

## Issue [48058](https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/issues/48058) – Alternative layout in articles is not honoured

Pull Request [#47752](https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/pull/47752) introduced this regression.

> The alternative layout selected for an article is no longer honoured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Issue [48058](https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/issues/48058) – Article options are not honored anymore under certain conditions

When an article is linked via a category layout, the settings in an article are not used anymore. Instead the settings of the menu item or the global settings are used. This results in among other things the wrong layout being used. Pull Request [#47752](https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/pull/47752) introduced this regression.
```

### Resolution

This issue will be resolved in Joomla 5.4.8.

### Workaround (until Joomla 5.4.8)

Revert the changes introduced by PR [#47752](https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/pull/47752) manually,

> at your own risk. Before making any changes, create a full backup and test the revert on a staging or test site first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revert the changes introduced by PR [#47752](https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/pull/47752) manually. Before making any changes, create a full backup and test the revert on a staging or test site first.
```
